Add `Senal-D-A-Gunaratna/swapson.nvim` (#2426)
rockerBOO/awesome-neovim: README.md

- [akioweh/lsp-document-highlight.nvim](https://github.com/akioweh/lsp-document-highlight.nvim) - Instantaneous LSP symbol reference highlighting under the cursor.
- [nemanjamalesija/ts-expand-hover.nvim](https://github.com/nemanjamalesija/ts-expand-hover.nvim) - Progressively expand and collapse TypeScript type aliases inside the hover float.
- [mason-org/mason.nvim](https://github.com/mason-org/mason.nvim) - Easily install and manage LSP servers, DAP servers, linters, and formatters.

> - [Senal-D-A-Gunaratna/bunson.nvim](https://github.com/Senal-D-A-Gunaratna/bunson.nvim) - Drop-in replacement for mason.nvim's npm package manager, routing package installs through `bun` for faster setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Senal-D-A-Gunaratna/bunson.nvim](https://github.com/Senal-D-A-Gunaratna/bunson.nvim) - Drop-in replacement for `mason.nvim`'s npm package manager by routing package installs through `bun` for faster setup.
```

> - [Senal-D-A-Gunaratna/swapson.nvim](https://github.com/Senal-D-A-Gunaratna/swapson.nvim) - Monkeypatches mason.nvim to route npm and pip installs through bun and uv, speeding up LSP and tool installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Senal-D-A-Gunaratna/swapson.nvim](https://github.com/Senal-D-A-Gunaratna/swapson.nvim) - Monkeypatches `mason.nvim` to route `npm` and `pip` installs through `bun` and `uv`, speeding up LSP and tool installation.
```
